README.md, before:

---
page_type: sample
languages:
- typescript
products:
- office-teams
- ms-graph
description: "Microsoft Teams Meetings app for Learning Management Systems"
urlFragment: "msteams-app-lms-meetings"
---

# Microsoft Teams Meetings app for Learning Management Systems

<!-- 
Guidelines on README format: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/onboard/admin/samples/concepts/readme-template?branch=master

Guidance on onboarding samples to docs.microsoft.com/samples: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/onboard/admin/samples/process/onboarding?branch=master

Taxonomies for products and languages: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/new-hope/information-architecture/metadata/taxonomies?branch=master
-->

Welcome to the embedded Microsoft Teams meeting link creator, built for Learning Management Systems and app developers to provide an easy way for users to create meeting links and share them directly with participants. 

The app provides an easy interface for users to sign in using their Microsoft credentials, create a meeting, and copy the join information to share within a LMS.
By integrating with this app template you can enable remote learning for your entire userbase by bringing the Microsoft Teams free meetings solution to your users.

## Contents

| File/folder       | Description                                |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `src`             | Sample source code                         |
| `public`          | Static assets                              |
| `deploy`          | Deployment template and scripts            |
| `.gitignore`      | Define what to ignore at commit time       |
| `CONTRIBUTING.md` | Guidelines for contributing to the sample  |
| `README.md`       | This README file                           |
| `LICENSE`         | The license for the sample                 |

## Prerequisites

This is a single page web app and requires only static web hosting to deploy the service.

We recommend hosting on your own app platform or service, creating an Azure storage account, or integrating the code directly into your own experience.

## Setup

### Register an Azure AD application

You'll need to register an app through the following process:

1. Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) using either a work or school account or a personal Microsoft account.
2. If your account gives you access to more than one tenant, select your account in the top right corner, and set your portal session to the Azure AD tenant that you want.
3. Select **New registration**.
4. When the Register an application page appears, enter your application's registration information:
   * **Name** - Enter a meaningful application name that will be displayed to users of the app.
   * **Supported account types** - Select which accounts you would like your application to support.
5. When finished, select **Register**.
6. Azure AD assigns a unique application (client) ID to your app, and you're taken to your application's Overview page.

    Copy the Application Id. This is the unique identifier for your app.

7. Under **Manage** on the left-hand pane, click **Authentication**. Under **Redirect URIs**, click **Add URI** and enter the following URIs:
    * `http://localhost:3000/`

    On the same page, under **Implicit grant**, make sure that both **Access tokens** and **ID tokens** checkboxes are checked.

    Click **Save** to save your changes.

7. Under **Manage** on the left-hand pane, click **API permissions** and then **Add a new permission**. Select **Microsoft Graph** and then **Delegated permissions**. Add the `OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite` (Read and create user's online meetings) permission.

### Update the configuration

Change the following values in the `msalApp.ts` file:
* **clientId** - Set this to the Application (client) ID of the AAD application that you registered

## Running the sample

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Feedback

Thoughts? Questions? Ideas? Share them with us on [Teams UserVoice](https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-public)!

Please report bugs and other code issues [here](https://github.com/OfficeDev/msteams-app-lms-meetings/issues/new).

## Legal notice

Please read the license terms applicable to this app template [here](https://github.com/OfficeDev/msteams-app-lms-meetings/blob/master/LICENSE). In addition to these terms, by using this app template you agree to the following:

* You are responsible for complying with applicable privacy and security regulations related to use, collection and handling of any personal data by your app.  This includes complying with all internal privacy and security policies of your organization if your app is developed to be sideloaded internally within your organization.

* Microsoft will have no access to data collected through your app.  Microsoft will not be responsible for any data related incidents or data subject requests.

* Any trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries and logos included in this repository are the property of Microsoft, and the license for this project does not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos or trademarks outside of this repository.  Microsoft’s general trademark guidelines can be found [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Added install step to README

README.md, after:

---
page_type: sample
languages:
- typescript
products:
- office-teams
- ms-graph
description: "Microsoft Teams Meetings app for Learning Management Systems"
urlFragment: "msteams-app-lms-meetings"
---

# Microsoft Teams Meetings app for Learning Management Systems

<!-- 
Guidelines on README format: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/onboard/admin/samples/concepts/readme-template?branch=master

Guidance on onboarding samples to docs.microsoft.com/samples: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/onboard/admin/samples/process/onboarding?branch=master

Taxonomies for products and languages: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/new-hope/information-architecture/metadata/taxonomies?branch=master
-->

Welcome to the embedded Microsoft Teams meeting link creator, built for Learning Management Systems and app developers to provide an easy way for users to create meeting links and share them directly with participants. 

The app provides an easy interface for users to sign in using their Microsoft credentials, create a meeting, and copy the join information to share within a LMS.
By integrating with this app template you can enable remote learning for your entire userbase by bringing the Microsoft Teams free meetings solution to your users.

## Contents

| File/folder       | Description                                |
|-------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `src`             | Sample source code                         |
| `public`          | Static assets                              |
| `deploy`          | Deployment template and scripts            |
| `.gitignore`      | Define what to ignore at commit time       |
| `CONTRIBUTING.md` | Guidelines for contributing to the sample  |
| `README.md`       | This README file                           |
| `LICENSE`         | The license for the sample                 |

## Prerequisites

This is a single page web app and requires only static web hosting to deploy the service.

We recommend hosting on your own app platform or service, creating an Azure storage account, or integrating the code directly into your own experience.

## Setup

### Register an Azure AD application

You'll need to register an app through the following process:

1. Sign in to the [Azure portal](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2083908) using either a work or school account or a personal Microsoft account.
2. If your account gives you access to more than one tenant, select your account in the top right corner, and set your portal session to the Azure AD tenant that you want.
3. Select **New registration**.
4. When the Register an application page appears, enter your application's registration information:
   * **Name** - Enter a meaningful application name that will be displayed to users of the app.
   * **Supported account types** - Select which accounts you would like your application to support.
5. When finished, select **Register**.
6. Azure AD assigns a unique application (client) ID to your app, and you're taken to your application's Overview page.

    Copy the Application Id. This is the unique identifier for your app.

7. Under **Manage** on the left-hand pane, click **Authentication**. Under **Redirect URIs**, click **Add URI** and enter the following URIs:
    * `http://localhost:3000/`

    On the same page, under **Implicit grant**, make sure that both **Access tokens** and **ID tokens** checkboxes are checked.

    Click **Save** to save your changes.

7. Under **Manage** on the left-hand pane, click **API permissions** and then **Add a new permission**. Select **Microsoft Graph** and then **Delegated permissions**. Add the `OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite` (Read and create user's online meetings) permission.

### Update the configuration

Change the following values in the `msalApp.ts` file:
* **clientId** - Set this to the Application (client) ID of the AAD application that you registered

## Running the sample

In the project directory, you can run:
### `yarn install`

Installs all the dependencies for the app.

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

## Feedback

Thoughts? Questions? Ideas? Share them with us on [Teams UserVoice](https://microsoftteams.uservoice.com/forums/555103-public)!

Please report bugs and other code issues [here](https://github.com/OfficeDev/msteams-app-lms-meetings/issues/new).

## Legal notice

Please read the license terms applicable to this app template [here](https://github.com/OfficeDev/msteams-app-lms-meetings/blob/master/LICENSE). In addition to these terms, by using this app template you agree to the following:

* You are responsible for complying with applicable privacy and security regulations related to use, collection and handling of any personal data by your app.  This includes complying with all internal privacy and security policies of your organization if your app is developed to be sideloaded internally within your organization.

* Microsoft will have no access to data collected through your app.  Microsoft will not be responsible for any data related incidents or data subject requests.

* Any trademarks or registered trademarks of Microsoft in the United States and/or other countries and logos included in this repository are the property of Microsoft, and the license for this project does not grant you rights to use any Microsoft names, logos or trademarks outside of this repository.  Microsoft’s general trademark guidelines can be found [here](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx)

## Contributing

This project welcomes contributions and suggestions.  Most contributions require you to agree to a
Contributor License Agreement (CLA) declaring that you have the right to, and actually do, grant us
the rights to use your contribution. For details, visit https://cla.opensource.microsoft.com.

When you submit a pull request, a CLA bot will automatically determine whether you need to provide
a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., status check, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/).
For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or
contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.
